README.md, before:

# Dog Catalog Accessibility Exercise

## Project Overview

This project is a front-end-only React application where you can manage a catalog of dogs. The application includes the following pages:

1. **Catalog Page**: Displays cards with dogs. Each card contains the dog’s name and picture.
2. **Manage Page**: Allows you to add new dogs to the catalog.
3. **About Page**: Contains useful links for this exercise.

## Instructions for Building and Running the Application`

1. **Install dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Run the application**:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

3. The app should now be running on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Accessibility Guidelines

The points you need to fix in this exercise relate to **Links**, **Lists**, **Headings**, **ARIA**, **Alternative Text**, **Colors**, **Forms**, **Navigation**, and **Font Size**.

You can use the following useful links to help guide your fixes:

- **Links**: [WCAG 2.2 Links Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246%2C104%2C111#link-purpose-in-context)
- **Lists**: [WCAG 2.2 Lists Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#consistent-navigation)
- **Headings**: [WCAG 2.2 Headings Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#headings-and-labels)
- **ARIA**: [WCAG 2.2 ARIA Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#aria)
- **Alternative Text**: [WCAG 2.2 Alternative Text Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#non-text-content)
- **Colors**: [WCAG 2.2 Color Contrast Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#contrast-minimum)
- **Forms**: [WCAG 2.2 Forms Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#labels-or-instructions)
- **Navigation**: [WCAG 2.2 Navigation Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#consistent-navigation)
- **Font Size**: [WCAG 2.2 Font Sizing Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#resize-text)

Good luck!

Commit message:

Update the readme with the main goal

README.md, after:

# Dog Catalog Accessibility Exercise

## Project Overview

This project is a front-end-only React application where you can manage a catalog of dogs. The application includes the following pages:

1. **Catalog Page**: Displays cards with dogs. Each card contains the dog’s name and picture.
2. **Manage Page**: Allows you to add new dogs to the catalog.
3. **About Page**: Contains useful links for this exercise.

## Instructions for Building and Running the Application`

1. **Install dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Run the application**:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

3. The app should now be running on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Accessibility Guidelines

**The main goal of this exercise is to make the application accessible according to WCAG 2.2 standards.**

The points you need to fix in this exercise relate to **Links**, **Lists**, **Headings**, **ARIA**, **Alternative Text**, **Colors**, **Forms**, **Navigation**, and **Font Size**.

You can use the following useful links to help guide your fixes:

- **Links**: [WCAG 2.2 Links Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246%2C104%2C111#link-purpose-in-context)
- **Lists**: [WCAG 2.2 Lists Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#consistent-navigation)
- **Headings**: [WCAG 2.2 Headings Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#headings-and-labels)
- **ARIA**: [WCAG 2.2 ARIA Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#aria)
- **Alternative Text**: [WCAG 2.2 Alternative Text Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#non-text-content)
- **Colors**: [WCAG 2.2 Color Contrast Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#contrast-minimum)
- **Forms**: [WCAG 2.2 Forms Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#labels-or-instructions)
- **Navigation**: [WCAG 2.2 Navigation Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#consistent-navigation)
- **Font Size**: [WCAG 2.2 Font Sizing Guideline](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?showtechniques=246#resize-text)

Good luck!
